Adds framework and docs for workshop and update toc for jupyterbook (#519)
aicoe-aiops/ocp-ci-analysis: docs/workshop/intro_to_project.md

# Introduction

## Introduction to AIOps

![Intro to AIOps](../assets/images/intro_to_aiops.png)

> AIOps stands for Artificial Intelligence for IT Operations. AIOps is a critical component of supporting any Open Hybrid Cloud infrastructure. In our opinion,  it’s mostly a cultural change, very much as we saw with the devops movement.Here we combined the two cultural mentalities from dev and ops to create a new culture, the devops culture. And the same cultural change is going to happen with AIOps. The devops culture and the data science culture are using different tools and have some different mindsets.

Reviewer: I think this is good to speak out with support of slides. If we are creating documentation, I would make it more generic and less opinionated.

```suggestion
AIOps stands for Artificial Intelligence for IT Operations. AIOps is a critical component of supporting any Open Hybrid Cloud infrastructure. AIOps involves using big data processing, machine learning and AI tooling to support IT operations. Some common examples of AIOps tools are anomaly detection, correlation analysis, time-to-response prediction, log analysis. Tools such as these can help facilitate collaboration between data science practitioners and DevOps engineers and help with streamlining incident management, issue resolution and faster root cause analysis.
```

## Introduction to AI4CI

![Intro to AI4CI](../assets/images/intro_to_ai4ci.png)

> Continuous integration (CI) is the practice of automating the integration of code changes from multiple contributors into a single software project. CI/CD is a solution to the problems that integrating new code can cause for development and operations teams also known as  integration hell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Continuous integration (CI) is the practice of automating the integration of code changes from multiple contributors into a single software project. CI/CD is a method to frequently deliver applications to customers by introducing automation into the stages of app development.
```

> And, **AI4CI** is AI applied to CI/CD data. It an intelligent open source AIOps toolkit which can be used to better monitor builds  in order to help the development lifecycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And, **AI4CI** is AI applied to CI/CD data. It a collection of AIOps tools that can support IT operations. It consists of tooling that includes ML services, KPI & Metric dashboards can can provide greater visibility into CI/CD processes. The aim of the AI for continuous integration(AI4CI) project is to build an open AIOps community involved in developing, integrating and operating AI tools for CI by leveraging the open data that has been made available by OpenShift, Kubernetes and others.
```

## Introduction to Operate First

![Intro to Operate First](../assets/images/intro_to_opf.png)

> Operate First is an initiative to “operate” software in a production-grade environment - bringing users, developers and operators closer together.  It uses the same community-building process of open-source projects, but extended to ops procedures and data. Operate First enables collaboration between open source developers and cloud providers, and AIOps supports this collaboration by creating a new set of tools around CI/CD processes, which could otherwise be a pain point during the development and production of open source projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Operate First](https://www.operate-first.cloud/) is an initiative to “operate” software in a production-grade environment - bringing users, developers and operators closer together.  It uses the same community-building process of open-source projects, but extended to ops procedures and data. Operate First enables collaboration between open source developers and cloud providers, and AIOps supports this collaboration by creating a new set of tools around CI/CD processes, which could otherwise be a pain point during the development and production of open source projects.
```
